4 threads took 7:30.53 

Response: NATO stands for North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which is an alliance of 29 countries in Europe and North America. The alliance was created after World War II to secure peace and stability in Europe. 
The alliance is responsible for enforcing powerful economic sanctions against Russia, which is isolated from the world more than ever. The alliance is also responsible for defending NATO countries, including Poland, 
Romania, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia, in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west. The United States and its allies are prepared to defend every inch of territory of NATO countries with the full force of 
their collective power.

> Question:
what is nato

> Answer:


NATO stands for North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which is an alliance of 29 countries in Europe and North America. The alliance was created after World War II to secure peace and stability in Europe. 
The alliance is responsible for enforcing powerful economic sanctions against Russia, which is isolated from the world more than ever. The alliance is also responsible for defending NATO countries, 
including Poland, Romania, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia, in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west. The United States and its allies are prepared to defend every inch of territory of NATO 
countries with the full force of their collective power.

> source_documents\state_of_the_union.txt:
Our forces are not going to Europe to fight in Ukraine, but to defend our NATO Allies – in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west.

For that purpose we’ve mobilized American ground forces, air squadrons, and ship deployments to protect NATO countries including Poland, Romania, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia.

As I have made crystal clear the United States and our Allies will defend every inch of territory of NATO countries with the full force of our collective power.

> source_documents\state_of_the_union.txt:
The United States is a member along with 29 other nations.

It matters. American diplomacy matters. American resolve matters.

Putin’s latest attack on Ukraine was premeditated and unprovoked.

He rejected repeated efforts at diplomacy.

He thought the West and NATO wouldn’t respond. And he thought he could divide us at home. Putin was wrong. We were ready.  Here is what we did.

We prepared extensively and carefully.

> source_documents\state_of_the_union.txt:
Please rise if you are able and show that, Yes, we the United States of America stand with the Ukrainian people.

Throughout our history we’ve learned this lesson when dictators do not pay a price for their aggression they cause more chaos.

They keep moving.

And the costs and the threats to America and the world keep rising.

That’s why the NATO Alliance was created to secure peace and stability in Europe after World War 2.

> source_documents\state_of_the_union.txt:
Along with twenty-seven members of the European Union including France, Germany, Italy, as well as countries like the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, and many others, even Switzerland.

We are inflicting pain on Russia and supporting the people of Ukraine. Putin is now isolated from the world more than ever.

Together with our allies –we are right now enforcing powerful economic sanctions.